README.md, before:


# Showcase
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/1.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/2.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/3.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/4.png" width="170"/>

With **Showcase**, you can easily show tooltips. **Showcase** will highlight the view and show tooltip on it. You can customize title and description text fields, backgrounds and arrow positions. Also you can have callback when user quits from **Showcase**.

# Installation
 - To implement **Showcase** to your Android project via Gradle, you need to add Jitpack repository to your root build.gradle.
```
allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
    }
}
```
 - After adding Jitpack repository, you can add **Showcase** dependency to your app level build.gradle.
```
dependencies {
    implementation "com.trendyol.showcase:showcase:$showcase_version"
}
```

# Usage
You can easily use ShowcaseManager.Builder to create **Showcase**.
```
val showcaseManager = ShowcaseManager.Builder()  
    .view(myView)  
    .titleText("Title about myView")  
    .descriptionText("Little bit info for my lovely myView")  
    .titleTextSize(22F)  
    .titleTextColor(ContextCompat.getColor(this, R.color.blue)) 
    .windowBackgroundAlpha(127)  
    .arrowPosition(ArrowPosition.DOWN)
    .textPosition(TextPosition.START)
    .resId(R.style.Showcase_Theme)
    .build()  
  
showcaseManager.show(context)
```

# Builder Configuration
| Usage         | Description | Optional | Default Value | StyleRes |
| ------------- |-------------| ------------- |------------- |------------- | 
| `builder.view(View)` | view to be focused on | no | null | no |
| `builder.resId(Int)` | Showcase.Theme style | yes | null | yes |
| `builder.titleText(String)` | text to be showed on top of the tooltip | yes | "" | no |
| `builder.descriptionText(String)` | description text will be displayed on tooltip | yes | "" | no |
| `builder.titleTextColor(Int)` | titleText's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.descriptionTextColor(Int)` | descriptionText's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.titleTextSize(Int)` | titleText's text size in SP | yes | 18 SP | no |
| `builder.descriptionTextSize(Int)` | descriptionText's text size in SP | yes | 14 SP | no |
| `builder.backgroundColor(Int)` | background color of tooltip | yes | Color.WHITE | yes |
| `builder.closeButtonColor(Int)` | closeButton's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.showCloseButton(Boolean)` | show close button on tooltip | yes | true | yes |
| `builder.arrowResource(Int)` | custom icon resource for arrow. | yes | ic_arrow_down or ic_arrow_up | no |
| `builder.arrowPosition(ArrowPosition)` | arrow can be placed under or over the tooltip | yes | ArrowPosition.AUTO | no |
| `builder.arrowPercentage(Int)` | arrow position percentage can be decided | yes | null | no |
| `builder.highlightType(HighlightType)` | view can be highlighted with a circle shape or rectangle | yes | HighlightType.RECTANGLE | no |
| `builder.cancelListener(CancelListener)` | will be called after user quit from tooltip | yes | null | no |
| `builder.windowBackgroundColor(Int)` | background of the window's color can be decided | yes | Color.BLACK |  yes |
| `builder.windowBackgroundTint(Int)` | alpha value of window's background color | yes | 204 | no |
| `builder.titleTextSize(Int)` | titleText's text size in SP | yes | 18 | no |
| `builder.cancellableFromOutsideTouch(Boolean)` | outside touch from tooltip will act as close click | yes | false | yes |
| `builder.isDebugMode(Boolean)` | tooltip won't be presented | yes | false | no |
| `builder.textPosition(TextPosition)` | text can be positioning center, end and start  | yes | TextPosition.START | no |
| `builder.imageUrl(String)` | show image on tooltip | yes | null | no |
| `builder.build()` | will return ShowcaseManager instance | no |  |
| `showcaseManager.show(Context)` | show the tooltip with set attributes on  | no | |

License
--------


    Copyright 2019 Trendyol.com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

rename func add support to focus multiple view

README.md, after:


# Showcase
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/1.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/2.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/3.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/4.png" width="170"/>	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trendyol/showcase/master/screenshots/5.png" width="170"/>

With **Showcase**, you can easily show tooltips. **Showcase** will highlight the view and show tooltip on it. You can customize title and description text fields, backgrounds and arrow positions. Also you can have callback when user quits from **Showcase**.

# Installation
 - To implement **Showcase** to your Android project via Gradle, you need to add Jitpack repository to your root build.gradle.
```
allprojects {
    repositories {
        ...
        maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
    }
}
```
 - After adding Jitpack repository, you can add **Showcase** dependency to your app level build.gradle.
```
dependencies {
    implementation "com.trendyol.showcase:showcase:$showcase_version"
}
```

# Usage
You can easily use ShowcaseManager.Builder to create **Showcase**.
```
val showcaseManager = ShowcaseManager.Builder()  
    .focus(myView)  
    .titleText("Title about myView")  
    .descriptionText("Little bit info for my lovely myView")  
    .titleTextSize(22F)  
    .titleTextColor(ContextCompat.getColor(this, R.color.blue)) 
    .windowBackgroundAlpha(127)  
    .arrowPosition(ArrowPosition.DOWN)
    .textPosition(TextPosition.START)
    .resId(R.style.Showcase_Theme)
    .build()  
  
showcaseManager.show(context)
```

# Builder Configuration
| Usage         | Description | Optional | Default Value | StyleRes |
| ------------- |-------------| ------------- |------------- |------------- | 
| `builder.focus(View)` | view to be focused on | no | null | no |
| `builder.focus(Array<View>)` | view array to be focused on | no | null | no |
| `builder.resId(Int)` | Showcase.Theme style | yes | null | yes |
| `builder.titleText(String)` | text to be showed on top of the tooltip | yes | "" | no |
| `builder.descriptionText(String)` | description text will be displayed on tooltip | yes | "" | no |
| `builder.titleTextColor(Int)` | titleText's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.descriptionTextColor(Int)` | descriptionText's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.titleTextSize(Int)` | titleText's text size in SP | yes | 18 SP | no |
| `builder.descriptionTextSize(Int)` | descriptionText's text size in SP | yes | 14 SP | no |
| `builder.backgroundColor(Int)` | background color of tooltip | yes | Color.WHITE | yes |
| `builder.closeButtonColor(Int)` | closeButton's color | yes | Color.BLACK | yes |
| `builder.showCloseButton(Boolean)` | show close button on tooltip | yes | true | yes |
| `builder.arrowResource(Int)` | custom icon resource for arrow. | yes | ic_arrow_down or ic_arrow_up | no |
| `builder.arrowPosition(ArrowPosition)` | arrow can be placed under or over the tooltip | yes | ArrowPosition.AUTO | no |
| `builder.arrowPercentage(Int)` | arrow position percentage can be decided | yes | null | no |
| `builder.highlightType(HighlightType)` | view can be highlighted with a circle shape or rectangle | yes | HighlightType.RECTANGLE | no |
| `builder.cancelListener(CancelListener)` | will be called after user quit from tooltip | yes | null | no |
| `builder.windowBackgroundColor(Int)` | background of the window's color can be decided | yes | Color.BLACK |  yes |
| `builder.windowBackgroundTint(Int)` | alpha value of window's background color | yes | 204 | no |
| `builder.titleTextSize(Int)` | titleText's text size in SP | yes | 18 | no |
| `builder.cancellableFromOutsideTouch(Boolean)` | outside touch from tooltip will act as close click | yes | false | yes |
| `builder.isDebugMode(Boolean)` | tooltip won't be presented | yes | false | no |
| `builder.textPosition(TextPosition)` | text can be positioning center, end and start  | yes | TextPosition.START | no |
| `builder.imageUrl(String)` | show image on tooltip | yes | null | no |
| `builder.build()` | will return ShowcaseManager instance | no |  |
| `showcaseManager.show(Context)` | show the tooltip with set attributes on  | no | |

License
--------


    Copyright 2019 Trendyol.com

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
